getting there is half the fun the
newsfeed to advanced tech I catch
trailers make transporting watercraft to
the launch ramp quicker and easier than
ever before the new sea-doo advanced
tech watter craft trailers are designed
to minimize launch ramp time and
maximize your time on the water
the innovative walked has allow riders
to easily get on and off the watercraft
and the I couch system allows riders to
release the watercraft from the trailer
while in the riding position for quick
and easy launching and can be adjusted
to fit multiple models of modern sea-doo
watercraft PRP is innovations and the
advanced tech single place watercraft
trailers ensure that the good life just
got better when heading to the water
advanced tech trailer features include
padded stuff unique wash pads I catch
system and lock optional custom rims
with spare water resistant lights
low-profile galvanized frame with roller
bunks and torsion axles for better
handling the new advanced tech design
increases visibility when maneuvering
and the low profile frame design not
only provides better on-road Hamzah's
but allows water top to be launched and
loaded in shallower water while keeping
tow vehicles drier the unique design
provides an easy to see visual during
loading and the soft guiding roller
bunks help align the watercraft to the
odd cap system that automatically
secures the watercraft to the trailer
and allow the rider to easily dismount
the watercraft
and safely step off a quick flip of the
knife catch lost and it's ready to pull
out of the water so purchase the see
drew advanced tech ikat single place
watercraft trailer visit your closest
authorized sea-doo watercraft dealer
which can be found on sedar.com